content/timeline/fire-linear-timeline-en.md, before:

# Tai Po Hung Fuk Estate Fire Linear Timeline

**Event Overview**: Fire started around 14:50 on November 26, 2025; scaffold flames reached the top in 10 minutes, burned for 43 hours until extinguished on the 28th, causing 128 deaths, 78 injuries, and 200 missing. *[Automatically translated from Chinese version]*
[Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2)

## Complete Timeline

| Time          | Event Description                                                  | Casualties/Status         | Source Link |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|-------------|
| **Nov 26**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| ~14:50        | Eyewitness heard loud bangs, spotted Hung Cheung House 1F scaffold fire, immediate police report | -                         | [Oriental Daily](https://www.orientalsunday.hk/%E6%9C%80%E6%96%B0%E5%A8%9B%E8%81%9E/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E7%81%AB%E7%81%BD-%E7%81%AB%E8%AD%A6%E9%90%98-%E7%B6%AD%E4...) |
| 14:51         | Fire Services officially alerted, flames rapidly spread along exterior protective netting | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 15:01-15:02   | First firefighters arrived, fire spread to 4F and climbing, directly classified as **Level 3**  | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) [English Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Fuk_Court_fire) |
| ~15:00        | Residents reported unable to escape, fire alarm silent throughout   | -                         | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/%E7%AA%81%E7%99%BC/60298585/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB-%E6%99%82%E5%BA%8F-%E7%84%A1%E6%8...) |
| 15:34         | Escalated to **Level 4** fire alarm                                 | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 18:22         | Escalated to **Level 5** fire, mobilized 760 firefighters, 304 vehicles | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 19:00         | Initial casualty count                                             | 4 dead, 7 injured         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 20:15         | Explosions and debris falling at fire scene                         | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 23:00         | Small fire behind Wong Chak Chee Secondary School extinguished     | 13 dead, 30 injured       | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| **Nov 27**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 00:01         | Chief Executive John Lee Ka-chiu visited injured                    | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 01:50         | Open flames extinguished in 3 buildings                             | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 03:00         | Secretary for Security inspected the scene                          | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 05:45         | 4 buildings under control, 3 maintenance company staff arrested     | ≥44 dead                  | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 06:23         | 4th building under control, low-floor search & rescue               | -                         | [English Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Fuk_Court_fire) |
| 15:10         | 1,250 personnel deployed, handled 279 assistance calls              | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 17:00         | Death toll update                                                   | 55 dead                   | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 23:15         | Hung Cheung House reignited                                         | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| **Nov 28**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 01:20         | Firefighting basically completed, preparing to break doors for inspection | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 06:00         | Including 1 firefighter killed in the line of duty                  | 94 dead, 76 injured       | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 10:18         | Fire alarm largely extinguished                                     | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 12:49         | 7 buildings extinguished, casualties concentrated in Hung Cheung & Hung Tai Houses | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 15:00         | Final tally                                                         | **128 dead, 78 injured, 200 missing** | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| **Nov 29**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 00:00      | Home Affairs Department set up condolence stations in all 18 districts for citizens to sign condolence books. Registration period: Nov 29 to Dec 1, 9 AM to 9 PM | -                         | -           |
| 08:00         | SAR Government held memorial ceremony for fire victims; government buildings and facilities to fly flags at half-mast for three consecutive days starting today | -                         | -           |
| 09:17         | Number of injuries and deaths as of 08:00 | 128 deaths, 79 injured | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |
| 16:50         | HKPD has established a casualty inquiry team. As of 15:00, there are 128 deaths and 83 injuries. The police had confirmed the identity of 84 deaths, but 37 injured patients were reported missing and the remaining 44 deaths were unidentified. | 128 deaths, 83 injured, 150 missing | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |
| 18:00         | Approximately 1,555 affected residents arranged to move into Housing Bureau's transitional housing units and Hong Kong Housing Society rehousing estate units | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| **Nov 30**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 10:00         | Indonesian Consulate General reported 7 Indonesian domestic helpers deceased, 45 missing; estimated 140 Indonesian citizens living and working at Hung Fuk Estate | 7 helpers deceased, 45 missing | -           |
| 11:00         | Large number of citizens went to Kwong Fuk Leisure Place to lay flowers; displaced residents reminiscing their homes outside Hung Fuk Estate | -                         | -           |
| 11:30         | As of 10 AM, of 79 hospitalized injured (excluding those who died after admission), 19 critical, 4 serious, 23 stable, 33 discharged | 19 critical, 4 serious, 23 stable, 33 discharged | -           |
| 11:45         | Secretary for Home and Youth Affairs Alice Mak stated on TV program that government will ensure free housing for victims until they rebuild their homes | -                         | -           |
| 12:00         | Sources indicate DVIU discovered remains at Hung Shing House | -                         | -           |
| 12:30         | SPCA notified owners needing veterinary or pet supply assistance to visit SPCA pet rescue station (park between Kwong Yee House and Kwong Lai House) or call 9503 6229 | -                         | -           |
| 13:30         | SPCA consolidated figures from various volunteer groups, recording total of 339 affected pets. Among them, SPCA received 136 animals alive from Fire Services, 45 unfortunately deceased | 136 pets alive, 45 deceased | -           |
| 14:00         | Commissioner of Police Raymond Siu inspected fire scene with DVIU | -                         | -           |
| 14:30         | Tai Po flower-laying queue approximately 1.5 km long, estimated 1,500 people | -                         | -           |
| 16:30         | Police to brief on latest developments at 5 PM together with Housing Department. Speakers include Housing Department Deputy Director (Development & Construction) Leung Wang-wai, New Territories North Regional Commander Lam Man-han, Police Casualty Enquiry Centre Head Tsang Suk-yin, DVIU Head Cheng Ka-chun | -                         | -           |
| 16:53         | Sui Wo Court in Sha Tin to remove scaffold netting from all 9 buildings, aiming to complete within two weeks | -                         | -           |
| 18:00         | Latest death toll 146 deaths, 79 injuries. DVIU found 30 bodies in search, including 12 discovered earlier by Fire Services, plus 18 bodies in other units. DVIU found remains in staircases, rooftops, etc. 54 bodies awaiting identification. Casualty Enquiry Team successfully contacted 159 citizens confirming safety; 92 deceased and 37 injured confirmed as previously reported missing. Housing Department mobilized over 100 professionals for preliminary inspections of 6 buildings, completing over 1,500 units; Hung Yan, Hung To, Hung Kin, Hung Tai, Hung Shing and Hung Chi Houses completed | 146 dead, 79 injured, 54 bodies awaiting ID | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |

**Data Sources**:
[Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) [English Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Fuk_Court_fire) [Oriental Daily](https://www.orientalsunday.hk/%E6%9C%80%E6%96%B0%E5%A8%9B%E8%81%9E/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E7%81%AB%E7%81%BD-%E7%81%AB%E8%AD%A6%E9%90%98-%E7%B6%AD%E4...) [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/%E7%AA%81%E7%99%BC/60298585/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB-%E6%99%82%E5%BA%8F-%E7%84%A1%E6%8...)

Integration was performed using AI tools, without manual verification.

*[This English version is automatically translated from the original Chinese Markdown table for international reference.]*

Commit message:

Update timeline with rescue and school information(eng)
Added updates on animal rescues and school resumption following the fire incident.

content/timeline/fire-linear-timeline-en.md, after:

# Tai Po Hung Fuk Estate Fire Linear Timeline

**Event Overview**: Fire started around 14:50 on November 26, 2025; scaffold flames reached the top in 10 minutes, burned for 43 hours until extinguished on the 28th, causing 128 deaths, 78 injuries, and 200 missing. *[Automatically translated from Chinese version]*
[Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2)

## Complete Timeline

| Time          | Event Description                                                  | Casualties/Status         | Source Link |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|-------------|
| **Nov 26**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| ~14:50        | Eyewitness heard loud bangs, spotted Hung Cheung House 1F scaffold fire, immediate police report | -                         | [Oriental Daily](https://www.orientalsunday.hk/%E6%9C%80%E6%96%B0%E5%A8%9B%E8%81%9E/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E7%81%AB%E7%81%BD-%E7%81%AB%E8%AD%A6%E9%90%98-%E7%B6%AD%E4...) |
| 14:51         | Fire Services officially alerted, flames rapidly spread along exterior protective netting | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 15:01-15:02   | First firefighters arrived, fire spread to 4F and climbing, directly classified as **Level 3**  | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) [English Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Fuk_Court_fire) |
| ~15:00        | Residents reported unable to escape, fire alarm silent throughout   | -                         | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/%E7%AA%81%E7%99%BC/60298585/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB-%E6%99%82%E5%BA%8F-%E7%84%A1%E6%8...) |
| 15:34         | Escalated to **Level 4** fire alarm                                 | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 18:22         | Escalated to **Level 5** fire, mobilized 760 firefighters, 304 vehicles | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 19:00         | Initial casualty count                                             | 4 dead, 7 injured         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 20:15         | Explosions and debris falling at fire scene                         | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 23:00         | Small fire behind Wong Chak Chee Secondary School extinguished     | 13 dead, 30 injured       | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| **Nov 27**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 00:01         | Chief Executive John Lee Ka-chiu visited injured                    | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 01:50         | Open flames extinguished in 3 buildings                             | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 03:00         | Secretary for Security inspected the scene                          | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 05:45         | 4 buildings under control, 3 maintenance company staff arrested     | ≥44 dead                  | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 06:23         | 4th building under control, low-floor search & rescue               | -                         | [English Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Fuk_Court_fire) |
| 15:10         | 1,250 personnel deployed, handled 279 assistance calls              | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 17:00         | Death toll update                                                   | 55 dead                   | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 23:15         | Hung Cheung House reignited                                         | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| **Nov 28**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 01:20         | Firefighting basically completed, preparing to break doors for inspection | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 06:00         | Including 1 firefighter killed in the line of duty                  | 94 dead, 76 injured       | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 10:18         | Fire alarm largely extinguished                                     | -                         | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| 12:49         | 7 buildings extinguished, casualties concentrated in Hung Cheung & Hung Tai Houses | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| 15:00         | Final tally                                                         | **128 dead, 78 injured, 200 missing** | [Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) |
| **Nov 29**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 00:00      | Home Affairs Department set up condolence stations in all 18 districts for citizens to sign condolence books. Registration period: Nov 29 to Dec 1, 9 AM to 9 PM | -                         | -           |
| 08:00         | SAR Government held memorial ceremony for fire victims; government buildings and facilities to fly flags at half-mast for three consecutive days starting today | -                         | -           |
| 09:17         | Number of injuries and deaths as of 08:00 | 128 deaths, 79 injured | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |
| 16:50         | HKPD has established a casualty inquiry team. As of 15:00, there are 128 deaths and 83 injuries. The police had confirmed the identity of 84 deaths, but 37 injured patients were reported missing and the remaining 44 deaths were unidentified. | 128 deaths, 83 injured, 150 missing | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |
| 18:00         | Approximately 1,555 affected residents arranged to move into Housing Bureau's transitional housing units and Hong Kong Housing Society rehousing estate units | -                         | [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) |
| **Nov 30**    |                                                                    |                           |             |
| 10:00         | Indonesian Consulate General reported 7 Indonesian domestic helpers deceased, 45 missing; estimated 140 Indonesian citizens living and working at Hung Fuk Estate | 7 helpers deceased, 45 missing | -           |
| 11:00         | Large number of citizens went to Kwong Fuk Leisure Place to lay flowers; displaced residents reminiscing their homes outside Hung Fuk Estate | -                         | -           |
| 11:30         | As of 10 AM, of 79 hospitalized injured (excluding those who died after admission), 19 critical, 4 serious, 23 stable, 33 discharged | 19 critical, 4 serious, 23 stable, 33 discharged | -           |
| 11:45         | Secretary for Home and Youth Affairs Alice Mak stated on TV program that government will ensure free housing for victims until they rebuild their homes | -                         | -           |
| 12:00         | Sources indicate DVIU discovered remains at Hung Shing House | -                         | -           |
| 12:30         | SPCA notified owners needing veterinary or pet supply assistance to visit SPCA pet rescue station (park between Kwong Yee House and Kwong Lai House) or call 9503 6229 | -                         | -           |
| 13:30         | SPCA consolidated figures from various volunteer groups, recording total of 339 affected pets. Among them, SPCA received 136 animals alive from Fire Services, 45 unfortunately deceased | 136 pets alive, 45 deceased | -           |
| 14:00         | Commissioner of Police Raymond Siu inspected fire scene with DVIU | -                         | -           |
| 14:30         | Tai Po flower-laying queue approximately 1.5 km long, estimated 1,500 people | -                         | -           |
| 16:30         | Police to brief on latest developments at 5 PM together with Housing Department. Speakers include Housing Department Deputy Director (Development & Construction) Leung Wang-wai, New Territories North Regional Commander Lam Man-han, Police Casualty Enquiry Centre Head Tsang Suk-yin, DVIU Head Cheng Ka-chun | -                         | -           |
| 16:53         | Sui Wo Court in Sha Tin to remove scaffold netting from all 9 buildings, aiming to complete within two weeks | -                         | -           |
| 18:00         | Latest death toll 146 deaths, 79 injuries. DVIU found 30 bodies in search, including 12 discovered earlier by Fire Services, plus 18 bodies in other units. DVIU found remains in staircases, rooftops, etc. 54 bodies awaiting identification. Casualty Enquiry Team successfully contacted 159 citizens confirming safety; 92 deceased and 37 injured confirmed as previously reported missing. Housing Department mobilized over 100 professionals for preliminary inspections of 6 buildings, completing over 1,500 units; Hung Yan, Hung To, Hung Kin, Hung Tai, Hung Shing and Hung Chi Houses completed | 146 dead, 79 injured, 54 bodies awaiting ID | [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |
| **Dec 1** |
| 01:00 | The Lucky Animals Society confirmed that between 11 pm on Saturday, December 29th and 11 pm on Sunday, December 30th, a total of 91 animals were rescued. 73 survived, including 11 cats, 3 dogs, 48 ​​fish, 2 rats, and 9 turtles. However, 18 animals tragically died. || [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |
| 08:00 | The Education Bureau announced that schools affected by the fire will gradually resume classes today using various methods. || [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/article/60297831?utm_source=01articlecopy&utm_medium=referral) |

**Data Sources**:
[Wikipedia](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB) [SBS Timeline](https://www.sbs.com.au/language/chinese/zh-hant/article/hong-kong-residential-tower-fire-timeline/xey8t7kt2) [English Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wang_Fuk_Court_fire) [Oriental Daily](https://www.orientalsunday.hk/%E6%9C%80%E6%96%B0%E5%A8%9B%E8%81%9E/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E7%81%AB%E7%81%BD-%E7%81%AB%E8%AD%A6%E9%90%98-%E7%B6%AD%E4...) [HK01](https://www.hk01.com/%E7%AA%81%E7%99%BC/60298585/%E5%AE%8F%E7%A6%8F%E8%8B%91%E5%A4%A7%E7%81%AB-%E6%99%82%E5%BA%8F-%E7%84%A1%E6%8...)

Integration was performed using AI tools, without manual verification.

*[This English version is automatically translated from the original Chinese Markdown table for international reference.]*
